Hi, my name is Chris Geezy
from the Finance Department
at the Wharton School.
I'm also Academic Director of
the Jacobs Levy Equity
Management Center
for Quantitative
Financial Research,
and the Academic Director of the
Wharton Wealth
Management Initiative.
In today's lectures,
we'll be looking at
the broad notion of
the FinTech market,
its definition, its depth,
its breadth, both across time,
and in the cross-section of
countries in which we
see FinTech evolving.
We'll also look at
some of the specifics
driven by research
into the potential audiences
of FinTech, users,
adoption rates, as well
as some results from
recent research on
algorithms that trust,
that goes behind adoption of
algorithmic approaches as well
as some of the headwinds,
and tailwinds to that adoption.